yes
the state technological university of
zacatecas now
It offers you the opportunity to get your
title as a senior technician
university in just two years and how
engineer in three years eight months
our educational model is based on
classes 70% practical and 30% theoretical
the students of the usac are young people who
according to the training they receive in
the university stand out for being
creative entrepreneurs and relevant
with your work environment which facilitates
upon graduation, his rapid insertion into
productive plant
our careers are
mechatronics area daily automation
flexible manufacturing systems
industrial maintenance industrial area
and heavy machinery area development of
business marketing area
information technologies area
multimedia and electronic commerce area
networks and telecommunications areas
information systems
industrial processes manufacturing area
mining area geology energies
Renewable area quality and saving
Energy
to reinforce your education we offer you
throughout your career
cultural and sports activities like
volleyball personal defense basketball
limalama and gymnastics in activities
cultural we have folkloric ballet
rondalla and workshop on radio and tv languages
English and French having learned the
French language within the usac
You can participate to obtain a scholarship
to france and canada where you will make a
specialty according to your career
Our facilities are made up of
eight buildings three of them intended
to teaching as well as rooms
audiovisual laboratories of English and
computer machinery laboratories
heavy and workshops with equipment the most
high technology in which the student
performs practical learning
we have a library where the
students have at their disposal the
bibliographic and digital
updated of each of the races
with which we have
the majority of students in the usac
has a scholarship from either bird
of channels or scholarships
in the municipality of pines there is a
academic unit where we offer the
senior technician careers
university in business development
and information technologies and
communication stays are made in
the productive sector during the last
quarter where you can put in
practice the knowledge acquired
during your career
we care about the performance and
professional development of our
graduates is for that reason to conclude their
studies we can contact you with
companies that require personnel
highly trained as you use it is
a dynamic and young university that day
day is consolidated as one of the
better education institutions
superior in the state this is for you
this is whatsapp
we wait for you in road zacatecas
city ​​cuauhtémoc kilometer 5 ejidos
cieneguitas guadalupe zacatecas
Our phones are 01 492 92 760 and
180 to 84 extension 106 and 120 visit us
on facebook or on our page
www.cndh.org.mx